(a) Enumerating objects: 11, done.
Counting objects: 100% (10/10), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 948 bytes | 316.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
remote:
remote: Create a pull request for 'homework_branch' on GitHub by visiting:
remote:      https://github.com/esillart/Assignment1/pull/new/homework_branch
remote:
To https://github.com/esillart/Assignment1.git
 * [new branch]      homework_branch -> homework_branch

(b) 5 commits have been done in total (3 by me, and the first 2 by Javier Escobar-Avila). The git command I used to find this information was "git log".

(c) The .gitignore file was modified last on January 10th, 2019 at 16:45:38. The git command i used to find this information was "git log .gitignore".

(d) 1. Branches are used to point to a specific commit. If a developer wants to start working from a commit they are not currently pointed to, branching is useful.

    2. If one wants to include the work of a specific commit and all the parent commits, then "branching" to that commit would also be useful.

(e)  git status shows which files have or have not been staged for commits and in which branches. It also shows untracked files. git log shows which files have been
successfully added, committed, and pushed into the master respository.

(f) The command to see commits for a specific file (Weapon.h) would be: git log --follow -- Weapon.h

(g) THe command to see commits whos commit message contains the word "file" is: git log --grep=file

(h) (I) Inheritance is when one class acquires the properties of another class. The class being inherited from is known as the "parent" and the inheriting class is 
        known as the "child." The child acquires all the fields and methods of the parent class.

    (II) Polymorphism is the ability for a child class object to take on the form of any class in its parent hierarchy and even itself.  Say there's a parent class
    called CarbonOrganism. A child of that could be Mammal, and then a child to Mammal could be Human. A Human object could be an instance of the Human, Mammal, or 
    CarbonOrganism class. This is polymorphism. 

    (III) Encapsulation is used to hide the internal representation, or state of an object from the outside. It essentially hides information for safety. For example,
    not allowing the direct manipulation of object data except in the form of getter and setter methods is a form of encapsulation. It restricts direct access and
    forces the user to use a method to manipulate data. 


(i) There are a few main differences between the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow and the Integration Manager workflow. One main difference noticed is that in 
Integration Manager, each developer gets their own private repository. Changes are pushed into their own unique public repository, which then gets pulled by the 
integration manager to finally push into the blessed repository.  For Dictator and Lieutenants, there is less "privacy".  Developers share pushes to a lieutenant
repository. How many of these are dependent on the amount of developers. A dictator then pulls from all the lieutenant repositories, and finally pushes onto the 
blessed repository. 

(j) A team of 100 developers would most likely benefit more from Dictators and Lieutenants workflow because there is more teamwork involved in sharing an initial 
repository (the lieutenant repositories) rather than each owning their own private and public respositories as shown in the Integration Manager workflow. 100 individual
public and private repositories might get messy to track, so limiting the amount of total repositories with the Dictators and Lieutrnants workflow would be more efficient.

The RoleGame prototype does use polymorphism and also encapsulation. Each weapon class is a child of the parent Weapon class. For example, CommonSword and CommonSpear are
child classes to the parent class, Weapon.  Encapsulation is also used in the methods getWeapon() and similar functions so that the user cannot directly access the private member data, and instead must use getter and setter functions to manipulate and view this data. 
